Feature bluetooth traces (#14198)
ARMmbed/mbed-os: .github/issue_template.md

#### How is this defect reproduced ? 

<!--

>     For connectivity issues it is recommended to enable mbed trace and join traces 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For connectivity issues it is recommended to enable mbed trace and attach the traces 
```
